Definition of "Done":
	Deployed on the website and functioning with other features of the program. Features are demoable to the product owner and in class.

SPRINT 6

Product Owner - Matthew Senese
Scrum Master - Matthew O'Malley

User Stories

1. As a customer, I want to be able to create an account for my notes so that I have my own personal notes stored privately. (4sp) (MS)

4. As a customer, I want to be able to log into my account so that I can view my personal notes. (3sp) (MS)

2. As a customer, I want to be able to create a note and submit it so that I can document my data serving as the main functionality of the site. (5sp) (MO)

3. As a customer, I want to be able to save the note to the server so that it can be saved over the internet and not locally. (6sp) (JR)

5. As a customer, I don’t want to be able to submit a note if it’s empty so that I have meaningful data (1sp) (MO)


Spikes

As a developer, I want to be able to create a Firebase database system so that notes from users are sent to the server and stored.


	Productivity:
		
19 story points capacity planned
Main goals: getting user accounts, notes, and associated database system functional.






SPRINT 7 

Product Owner - Matthew O’ Malley
Scrum Master - Jonathan Rayo
	
	User Stories

(A)As a user, I want to be able to view my saved notes so that I can see what I have submitted (7sp MO)
(B)As a user, I want to be able to search my notes by title within the Notes page so that I can find them easier (5sp JR)
(G)As a user, I want to be able to navigate the pages while staying logged in so that I can fully utilize all the features and log out when I am done. (5sp JR)
(I)As a user, I want to only be able to access the features of the website while I am logged in, so that my account is more secure (4sp MS)
(D)As a user, I want to be able to log out of my account so that I am not permanently logged into Noteify (2sp MS)
(H)As a user, I want to see an indicator that I am logged in or logged out so that my account stays private (4sp MS)
(F)As a user, I want to be able to ensure that my account was saved onto the database, so that I know the account creation was successful (1sp MO)
(E)As a user, I want to be able to ensure that my notes are saved to the database, so that I can be sure that note creation was successful. (1sp MO)
(C)As a user, I want to be warned before I submit a note so that I am sure of its contents (1sp MO)

30 story points total
9 stories total 
10 - MO
10 - MS
10 - JR

Revised Definition of Done: Demoable on Sunday night but Product Owner can see it during sprint retrospective






SPRINT 8 

Product Owner - Jonathan Rayo
Scrum Master - Matthew Senese
	
	User Stories
(E) As a user, I want to be alerted on the view page that I don’t have any notes and be redirected so that I don’t view an empty page. (MO 2sp)
(C) As a user, I want to be able to cycle through my notes so that I can view each one that I’ve created. (MO 2sp)
(D) As a user, I would like an indicator for which note I am viewing so that my notes are viewed in a more organized manner (MO 2sp)
(A) As a user, I want to be able to edit my notes as I’m viewing them, so I can have a full-featured experience without changing pages. (JR 6sp)
(B) As a user, I would like to be able to delete a note while viewing it, so that I know which note I am deleting, so that I can get rid of those that I do not want anymore (MO 4sp)
(G) As a user, I want more extensive password requirements so that I am reminded that I need a secure password (MS 2sp)
(F) As a user, I want to have my email verified when I create an account so that I can’t create accounts with invalid emails. (MS 5sp)
(H) As a user, I would like to be warned before I delete a note, so that I am sure of my decision to delete my note (MS 2sp)
(I) As a user, I would like an additional sign in method like github, so that I am not required to use my email (JR 4sp)
(J) As a user, I want to have a reminder feature so that I can be reminded of specific notes via email/text.(JR 2sp)

31 story points total
10 stories total 
10 - MO
 9 - MS
12 - JR




Epics:
(1)As a customer, I want to be able to create an account, login, and logout of my account with the website so that I can view my personal notes privately.
(3)As a customer, I want to be able to save and retrieve my notes from the server so that I can view and search my previously written notes and edit them.
(2)As a customer, I want to be able to create and format my notes so that I can have organization and a personalized experience.
(4)As a customer, I want the product to be able to evolve beyond the semester so that I can keep using this application when the semester is over


Spikes:
	As a developer, we want to create an authentication system so that user’s notes are personal and private
	
